# Data set

## Why do we need a data set?

* For a specific test: sometime it is not easy to reproduce a test case( Because of different environment, network status,.. and the error not always happen). So we need a data set for a specific test, so we can make the test for this case any time we want.

* Minimize test case: if we only want to test a specific test case, we should have a data set with only that test case to avoid any noisy result.

* Faster test for compatible: When we develop some new feature or we make some changes in the code, it might take some effects on the previous architecture.  Test on the same data set will make sure that we have the same result with the previous version. 

* More completed test case: Everytime we found a new test case, we have a new data set. So gradually we have more completed test case which can cover more test case than we try to generate new data set everytime we test

* Easy to study: With new developer, it will be much more easier to learn and test on the same data set which was built before. Make the test on the same data set should expect the same result. We can avoid any other _strainge things_ happen during the test

* ...

## How to create a data set?

It depends on which test case you want to test. In general in mmt-sdk, a data set is a pcap file which can be generated by using wireshark to capture some network packet.

This is an example how to generate simple data set:

1. Make sure quitting all the program which is using internet

2. Open wireshark and start capturing packet from an interface (can be ethernet or wifi)

3. Open terminal and make a request to some website: `wget percevio.com`

4. Look at the trace in wireshark, if there is the test case which you want to test -> save this trace to a trace file .pcap. If there is not the test case which you need, restart new tracing process in wireshark and return to step 3 . Do this step until you get your test case.

5. Put the trace file to `mmt-sdk/trace-files/` folder

6. Make the test and write the test-case file.

## Test-case file

A test-case file describes a test case. It includes the information about the data set.

* Goal of the test: test for which feature, function, ....

* Which data test file to be used in this test case.

* What happen in the data test file: test case (TCP out of order, retransmission,...) 

* How to run the test? - it would be better if we have test script.

* What is the expected result?

* What is the test result? - very important: can include many result from many test. Each result should have the information about the date of the test.

## Test script

A test script of a test case is the step-by-step guide how to make a test.

Prefer to have script which can be executed automatically.

